docs: Improve license warning for loki integration guide (#1054)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/integration/loki/README.md

Learn how to use [Loki](https://github.com/grafana/loki/tree/main/production/helm/loki) as a logging backend with Kyma's [LogPipeline](../../02-logs.md) or with [Promtail](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/clients/promtail/).

> [!WARNING]

> > This guide uses the Grafana Loki version, which is distributed under AGPL-3.0 only. Usage of components having this license might affect the license of your project and need to be verified with care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide uses the Grafana Loki version. Inform yourself about licensing under [https://grafana.com/licensing/](https://grafana.com/licensing/)).
```
